feat!: experimentally support remark-mdx@2 (#284)
mdx-js/eslint-mdx: packages/eslint-plugin-mdx/README.md

}
```

> Some plugins are ESM and eslint don't supports them. So, a workaround is to set `ignoreRemarkConfig` to `true` and execute `remark-lint` through the terminal before running eslint. For example: `remark **/*.mdx --no-stdout && eslint . --fix --ext .mdx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some plugins are ESM and eslint don't supports them. So, a workaround is to set `ignoreRemarkConfig` to `true` and execute `remark-lint` through the terminal before running eslint. For example: `remark . --output --use mdx --ext .mdx && eslint . --fix --ext .mdx`.
```

How about this? This really uses remark and remark-mdx on the MDX files?

Author: Oh, I think this can be removed, we have been supporting ESM remark plugins now.
